# CIS183_Homework01_Program01

The user can use 3 respective sliders to add either red, green, or blue to the background color. The number of each color is displayed above the slider as well, and it changes as the slider moves. There is also a hexidecimal representation of the RGB color below the sliders and it changes as the sliders move as well. If the colors get to dark or light to see the text, the program uses the perceived brightness formula to tell when to change the text colors of the red, green, blue, hex representation and all their values to either black or white (a vlaue below 128 is too dark, above 128 is too light). If the user wants to save a color, they can press the "SAVE COLOR" button and the color will be saved to an array list and displayed in a list view, the background color, hexidecimal value, text colors, and RGB values along with the sliders will all return to default (white). (The list view is initialized with dummy data to start) From there, if the user scrolls down they can see all the colors in the list. Each cell contains the saved color in the background, the RGB numbers, the hexidecimal value, and the text color (black or white) depending on the colors brightness.
The array list works by having a ColorInfo class for each cell/item containing the RGB values, hexideicimal value, and text color. There is then an xml file for each cell which contains the layout and all ids for the textviews. Next, there is another class for the ColorAdaptor. It takes all the values from the ColorInfo class and uses the ids from the cells xml file and saves it there, also changing the background color of the cell based on the passed hexidecimal value. It then returns that convertView. In MainActivity, a ColorAdapter is used to access the data and an array list with type ColorInfo called colorInfoList which will contain all the saved colors. 
Inside MainActivity there are also functions called SetUpList(), SliderChangeListener(), ColorListCellClicker(), ButtonClickListener(), BackgroundTextColorChanger(), ResetSlidersAndBackground(), and RGBHexConverter(). SetUpList() initializes the array list with dummy data, connects the adaptor to colorInfoList, and sets the listviews adaptor to ColorAdaptors adaptor declaired in MainActivity. SliderChangeLisenter() listens for the user to move a slider from the 3 dedicated to one color and sets the RGB value to the progress number of the slider, saves the progress to an int, calls the RGBHexConverter() function, and sets the background color to the hexidecimal value. ColorListCellClicker() listens for the user to click on any cell item in the list, and when the user does it sets all the texts to either black or white, changes RGB and hexidecimal values, sets the saved int for the progress to RGB values, changes slider progress, and also changes the background color to that of which the user clicked. ButtonClickListener() listens for the user to click on the "SAVE COLOR" button, and when the user does it adds a new item to the list and notifies the adaptor that the data set has changed. It also calls on the ResetSlidersAndBackground() function. BackgroundTextColorChanger() uses the percieved brightness formula and if the returned value is above 128 the text colors are all changed to black, if it is below 128 the text color is changed to white. It also saves the color number (number value from white or black) so if the user saves the color the program knows what text color to make everything in that new cell for the list. ResetSlidersAndBackground() sets sliders, background color, and RGB hexidecimal values to the programs default (white) and then sets the text color to black. RGBHexConverter() starts with making the first digit of the hexidecimal vlaue the redProgress int stored from the sliders progress vlaue divided by 16, and the second digit the redProgress mod 16. Next third digit is greenProgress divided by 16, and fourth greenPorgress mod 16. Lastly, fifth digit is blueProgress divided by 16 and sixth digit is blueProgress mod 16. if any digits value is above 9, then its either A-F depending on the value. If it's below 9 then its that digits value. These digits (String values) are then all added together to make the hexFinal String and its set to the textview containing the hexidecimal value.
